---
layout: post
title: Agile Alliance
---

# * The Manifesto for Agile Software Development
Based on their combined experience of developing software and helping others do that, the seventeen signatories to the manifesto proclaimed that they value:
  - **Individuals and interactions** over _processes and tools_
  - **Working software** over _comprehensive documentation_
    - Code doesn't lie, but comments can.
  - **Customer collaboration** over _contract negotiation_
  - **Responding to change** over _following a plan_
  
  That is to say, the items on the left are valued more than the items on the right.
  
# * Principles behind the Agile Manifesto
_We follow these principles:_
 - Our highest priority is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software.

 - Welcome changing requirements, even late in development. Agile processes harness change for the customer's competitive advantage.

- **Deliver working software frequently, from a
couple of weeks to a couple of months, with a
preference to the shorter timescale.**

- Business people and developers must work
together daily throughout the project.

- Build projects around motivated individuals.
Give them the environment and support they need,
and trust them to get the job done.

- **The most efficient and effective method of
conveying information to and within a development
team is face-to-face conversation.**

- **Working software is the primary measure of progress.**

- Agile processes promote sustainable development.
The sponsors, developers, and users should be able
to maintain a constant pace indefinitely.

- Continuous attention to technical excellence
and good design enhances agility.

- Simplicity--the art of maximizing the amount
of work not done--is essential.

- The best architectures, requirements, and designs
emerge from self-organizing teams.

- At regular intervals, the team reflects on how
to become more effective, then tunes and adjusts
its behavior accordingly.
